1) All applicants must be college/university students.
2) Should be thorough with their official procedures.
3) Must be able to provide strong motivation.
4) Must be able to arrange, conduct meetings and should be able to handle the crowd.
5) Must be consistent to work efficiently during his/her tenure.
6) Good at English (preferably) or good at regional languages (if local).
7) There can be multiple campus ambassadors from a single college.
8) Each campus ambassador should publicise Pravega through posters and other publicity materials provided by Pravega.
9) Posters should be displayed on all notice boards and other electronic material to be forwarded to students.
10) Word of mouth publicity should also be done by the ambassador.
11) Campus ambassador will be the official representative of the respective college in all communications of the pravega team.
12) If there are any permissions required from the college authorities to attend Pravega , the reponsibility to aquire the same rest with Ambassador.
13) Incentives will be offered to the campus ambassador along with a certificate.
14) Ambassadors have to pay a basic registration fee which would be refunded to them if they attract atleast 5 more attendees excluding himself.After registration an ambassador will recieve a unique Id which would be used by him to publicise the event.
15) A participant can fill in Campus Ambassador ID during registration. Only these enteries will be considered while counting the number of attendees a camous ambassador attracted.
16) The rules can be modified anytime without prior notice and all rights preserved by pravega team.

INCENTIVES:
1) The Campus Ambassadors would be acknowledged by providing CERTIFICATES. 
2) There will be points given to campus ambassasor when any participant invokes his ambassador Id during registration. The points are distributed as follows:-
      a) 2 point for every workshop registration.
      b) 1 point for every event registration.
2) Ambassadors who publicize and get 5 or more points will be granted FREE REGISTRATION and PRAVEGA GOODIES.
3) Ambassadors who publicise and get 12 or more points will be granted FREE REGISTRATION AND FREE T-SHIRT.
4) Ambassadors who publicise and get 25 or more points will be granted FREE REGISTRATION ,PRO-NITE TICKET(for Saturday night) AND FREE T-SHIRT.
5) Ambassadors who publicise and get 40 or more points will be granted FREE REGISTRATION ,PRO-NITE TICKET(for both nights) AND FREE T-SHIRT.
6) Ambassadors who performs the best (top three) will be given special prizes worth Rs 10000.
7) Prizes will be given on during or after Pravega and ambassador needs to be present to collect the prizes.
8) These benefits are subject ONLY AND ONLY to the AMBASSADOR and will not be applicable to the attendees accompanying him/her.
9) The above rules are valid only for online registrations. The portal will be open till 27th January. No points will be awarded for any registration after 27th January.




We feel the best way to strengthen relationships with our delegates, to recruit a diverse and prepared group of participants and to be assured of the quality of our program is through the students themselves. 
We have developed this ambassador program to increase the number of applicants from the colleges, to reward successful College Now students by making them good examples and leaders for their peers,
a 

This is an opportunity for the College students to act as a direct link with the PIXEL Community. This will include many responsibilities as well as the rewards.
We do think a it is easy to communicate with the college ambassador rather than to all the students and vice versa.

BASIC RESPONSIBILITIES OF A COLLEGE AMBASSADOR:

We encourage ambassadors to work out the best strategy for the fest. 


HOW COLLEGE AMBASSADORS WILL BENEFIT FROM PROGRAM

Ambassadors will develop excellent resume qualities, such as responsibility, maturity and professionalism.

The College Ambassadors would be acknowledged by providing CERTIFICATES. 
The other various incentives include the 

7) Prizes will be given on during or after Pravega and ambassador needs to be present to collect the prizes.
8) These benefits are subject ONLY AND ONLY to the AMBASSADOR and will not be applicable to the attendees accompanying him/her.
9) The above rules are valid only for online registrations. The portal will be open till 27th January. No points will be awarded for any registration after 27th January.
